## The best patio furniture set 4 Pieces

Many people love having a garden attached to their home so they can spend long hours outside enjoying their hard-earned living space. However, if you also have a balcony area in your home or live in a flat or apartment block with an outside patio, it makes sense to maximize the space and enjoy the views and weather when it’s warm and hot. Below we go into more detail about the patio furniture set 4 Pieces.
**Overall introduction**
This patio furniture set 4 pieces to include two 2-seat sofas with one armrest, one ottoman, and one coffee table with tempered glass. This is a perfect combination for outdoor recreation. Wicker is a great choice if you’re worried about weather damage, and the polyester cushions are easy-to-clean. The wicker coffee table is topped with tempered glass, meaning it’s stronger and safer than regular glass. This set is compatible with any outdoor setting and location, but it is ideal for yards with a lot of space since it has four pieces.
**Versatile and Lasting Appeal**
Bring versatile and interesting style and seating space with this double L-shaped sectional sofa and ottomans with differentiated design. It is wrapped in all-weather PE wicker with woven details in a black hue for a tastefully textured look, also features anti-rust steel frames and water-resistant cushions for lasting appeal. Sponge or PP-cotton-filled cushions with removable, fade-resistant covers (made from polyester-blend fabric) top this piece to provide padding as you relax and unwind!
**Coffee Table or Ottoman by your choice**
This outdoor conversation sofa set is full of the magic of change!
Except for the pair of L-shaped loveseat sofa with backrest differently designed, the most important thing is probably transforming the coffee table into an ottoman.
By replacing the overhead glass with the reserved cushions, the coffee table becomes an ottoman, which brings a change of function and can be used in various scenarios. One coffee table for delicious food or wine, and one ottoman for more relaxation or the laughter of friends. How wonderful!
**More diverse and free layout**
This wicker sectional set of armless chairs with wide and deep seats supply enough room. This can extend your furniture to have more seats and be used with the 4-piece sofa set. You can enjoy your time with your family and more friends.
In short, this patio wicker sectional couch set will give you a superior experience and total convenience, making your outdoor life full of elegance and leisure!
